We got a comment on our previous YouTube
video asking how to export a map you
made inside the map workshop and import
it to GDAU. And today I'm going to show
you how to do it pretty easily. The
first thing you want to do is click the
export button.
That will export the tile sets used, the
full composite of the map, and all of
the objects. Just unzip the file, and
you'll see all of the assets, including
the full map with everything on it.
You can also see the tile set used and
this is exported in the 15 tile format.
To use the 15 tile format in GDO, we
have to download the tile map dual
plugin from the GitHub provided down in
the description and add it into our GDO
project. Just click the code tab right
here and click download zip.
This time, I'm just going to drag and
drop the add-ons folder since I don't
have any other add-ons.
Go to project settings, plugins, and
enable the plugin. Now, you should be
all set to add your tiles to the game.
The next step is to add a new tile map
dual node.
Now, we need to create a tile set on the
right side of the screen. Go to the
bottom tabs where it says tile set and
drag and drop your tile set image in
there. Make sure you select the right
size for your tiles. And now just go to
the bottom tile map tab. Select terrain
and use any of the two terrains to draw
on your map.
You can of course now drag and drop the
objects you made and everything is in
the folder easily accessible.
In the case that you want to export a
composite of the map without the objects
on it, you can go to the map workshop,
hide all the objects, and export, and
you will get exactly that. Of course,
this is all up to your preference. So, I
thought I'd let you know the options.
Same deal in GDAU. Just drag and drop
your assets in there. And now we can
drag and drop our composite map and use
it as an actual map.
Drag a couple of the assets in and there
we go. All set. I hope this video was
helpful and let me know what else you'd
like to learn down in the comments.